# SAFR
We designed a rideshare app called SAFR, which stands for “Safe and Friendly Rides.” To start off, a user first creates an account. To ensure safety for both riders AND drivers, SAFR is restricted so that only students with a college-affiliated email can sign up. If someone who is not a college student attempts to sign up, they will be notified that they are unable to do so. If the user is a college student, they can continue and provide some demographic information about their school year and gender identity to enhance driver-rider pairings, which will be done randomly. Neither the driver nor rider will be able to have a choice to ensure utmost safety for everyone. Next, the user selects their school, then enters their email to get their account verified. Once it’s verified, they can get started! 

To find a ride, a user can first input their destination. They can also have the option to turn on our special feature, “DriveHer,” which offers the ability to be matched with a female driver. This feature is only available to users who are female, so riders can feel safer during their ride. Once they confirm a location, the user can select any SAFR based on arrival time, price, and number of passengers. Once they’re matched with a driver, the user can see the license plate and car model of their driver, as well as an option to view the driver’s profile to learn more about them and ease any possible anxiety about the ride or driver. They would also have the ability to cancel the ride if they feel uneasy about the driver.

During the ride, a map will display the user’s current location en route to the destination, with an estimated time of arrival. There will also be a “I feel unsafe” button, which will call 911 after the user confirms, as a safety precaution. 

Lastly, after the ride is over, the user can rate their driver, which will contribute to the driver’s profile so that other riders can gain insight about them in the future.
